{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh11120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Product Requirement Document\

\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vision\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 1-2 sentence version of what we are doing. IF the product is very successful what will we have, what problem will we have solved.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Background/Motivation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Stuff one needs to know to understand this product space. What is the current landscape around this product? Who are your customers? Why is this an interesting space for our company. Include motivation examples, previous versions and problems.
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs26 Note: This is background; do 
\b not
\b0  write about your ideas or product proposal here.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Goals/Objectives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 State your high-level goals and objectives for the product. No more than 5 goals; 1-2 sentences each.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Scenarios/Use cases\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Summarize here how you think your product will be used. Break usage down into several cases/scenarios. If you have detailed use case documents, link them here.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 High level requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 State the requirements that enable this products such as technical, partnership, and/or market requirements.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Detailed Design and Descriptions of Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 This should be the bulk of your document. How should this product be presented to the user? What are the key features and how should they work? You should make your descriptions in this area as complete as possible. If you have supporting UI mockups or snapshots to illustrate your ideas, include or link them here.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Roadmap/Timing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 How do you envision this rolling out? What are the key milestones (internal demo, beta launch, full launch, etc.)? Are there natural points for reassessment? Note any timing sensitives (competitive, etc.) in this section.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Scenarios for Service Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Expound on points of your roadmap where the service is introduced to new populations. Talk about what alternatives were considered and why your proposed plan is the right one.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Metrics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 What are the key metrics for tracking the success of this project? What log data and statistics will indicate success/health? Please enumerate and discuss how to compute.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Competitive/Strategic information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Link in-depth competitive information (feature matrices, etc.) here. If you have any other detailed strategic information/caveats. Please document them here.
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Caveats/Risks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 What areas of concerns do you have about this product? What are possible failure modes? What are the critical points where chances for failure are high?
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Projected Costs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 How many engineers months will the project take to complete? How many machines will be needed/used?
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Operational Needs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa213\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 Document any support or operational assitance that will be required for the project (user-support, sourcers, contractors). Will the commitment be finite or ongoing?
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Group Members\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs26 \cf2 State group members involed in this product.
\i0\fs24 \
}